docs: cql: split DML page into one page per statement (#15053)
scylladb/scylladb: docs/cql/dml.rst

> This section describes the statements supported by CQL to insert, update, delete, and query data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following pages describe the statements CQL supported to insert, update, delete, and query data, followed by sections on all updates commands.
```

> .. toctree::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
```

### Before 
![image](https://github.com/scylladb/scylladb/assets/170200/39b152ae-b0dd-4817-b754-2ae0e95404c1)

### After
![image](https://github.com/scylladb/scylladb/assets/170200/4f953f6a-4a58-4810-a2b8-da3218abf7a4)
